Proof reading II (#733)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/playbooks_async.rst

Asynchronous actions and polling
================================

> By default, Ansible runs tasks synchronously, holding the connection to the remote node open until the action is completed. This means within a playbook, each task blocks the next task by default, meaning subsequent tasks will not run until the current task is completed. This behavior can create challenges. For example, a task may take longer to complete than the SSH session allows for, causing a timeout. Or you may want a long-running process to execute in the background while you perform other tasks concurrently. Asynchronous mode lets you control how long-running tasks are executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Ansible runs tasks synchronously, holding the connection to the remote node open until the action is completed. This means that, within a playbook, each task blocks the next task by default, and subsequent tasks will not run until the current task is completed. This behavior can create challenges. For example, a task may take longer to complete than the SSH session allows for, causing a timeout. Or you may want a long-running process to execute in the background while you perform other tasks concurrently. Asynchronous mode lets you control how long-running tasks are executed.
```

Asynchronous playbook tasks
---------------------------

> :ref:`Playbooks <working_with_playbooks>` also supports asynchronous mode and polling, with a simplified syntax. You can use asynchronous mode in playbooks to avoid connection timeouts or to avoid blocking subsequent tasks. The behavior of asynchronous mode in a playbook depends on the value of `poll`.

Reviewer 2: Not sure about this one. "Playbooks also support" looks correct to me.
